[ADD] Referrals: Rewards report (#15997)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/hr/referrals/rewards_report.rst

==============
Rewards report
==============

In the **Referrals** app, it is possible to view a report of the rewards that employees have

> redeemed. This can be helpful in determining the most popular rewards, and which rewards employees

Reviewer: ```suggestion
redeemed. This can help determine the most popular rewards and which rewards employees
```
This is optional.

do not request.

Incentivizing employees to recruit highly qualified applicants is aided by offering :doc:`rewards
<rewards>` that entice employees to earn points. Additionally, it can be helpful for the
**Referrals** app administrator to see what rewards are popular, to ensure stock of highly
sought-after rewards are always available.

Reward analysis
===============

To view the *Reward Analysis* report, navigate to :menuselection:`Referrals app --> Reporting -->
Rewards`. This opens the :guilabel:`Reward Analysis` report in a default stacked
(:icon:`fa-database`) bar chart (:icon:`fa-bar-chart`).

The X-axis is populated with the various rewards, while the Y-axis is populated with the number of

> rewards redeemed, by employee. All employees that have redeemed rewards appear in their own

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rewards redeemed by the employee. All employees who have redeemed rewards appear in their own
```

identifying color.

In this report, it can be determined that :guilabel:`Chocolate Covered Nuts` are the most desired
reward, with a total of 23 distributed to employees. It can also be determined that employees
do not request the :guilabel:`Sweatshirt`, :guilabel:`Backpack`, :guilabel:`Tablet`, and
:guilabel:`Electric Bicycle` often, therefore inventory for those items does not need to be as high

> as the :guilabel:`Chocolate Covered Nuts` .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
do not often request the :guilabel:`Sweatshirt`, :guilabel:`Backpack`, :guilabel:`Tablet`, and
:guilabel:`Electric Bicycle` often; therefore inventory for those items does not need to be as high
as for the :guilabel:`Chocolate Covered Nuts` .
```
